Your request (#724885) has been updated. To add additional comments, reply to this email.

Please note that any attachments you might see will require logging into the Support Portal to access/download them.



	
Simon Street (GitLab Support)

Jun 6, 2026, 11:11 UTC

Hello there,
 
Thank you for opening an emergency support ticket with GitLab Support.
 
In order to be sure that our on-call support engineers are always able to respond quickly to our customers' emergencies, we evaluate each new emergency request to determine whether it meets our Emergency criteria definition.
 
Based on the initial information you provided, we feel that your situation may not meet the criteria. We want to be sure, however, so we invite you to respond with more information about the problem and its impact on your business if you believe that we should treat this ticket as an emergency.
 
If you agree that the situation does not require emergency-level support, please proceed to:
 
Submit a non-emergency ticket through our support portal.
If you are unable to open non-emergency tickets, this means you aren't currently set up as a named support contact. Please follow the process outlined here to get added as a support contact, which will allow you to submit non-emergency tickets.
 
We will keep this emergency ticket open for the next 30 minutes to give you time to respond.
 
Thank you for your understanding,
Simon Street
Senior Support Engineer
GitLab Support

Want to submit feedback on this ticket so far? Click here to tell us how we're doing!



	
vishnu.gehlot1@sbi.co.in

Jun 6, 2026, 11:09 UTC

Dear Team,

As per your suggestion, we upgraded our source GitLab instance to match the destination centralized GitLab version (v18.1.6-ee).

ISSUE SUMMARY

Post-import, the author and assignee attribution for all Merge Requests and Issues has been overwritten. Records that originally belonged to individual team members are now showing under the account of the user who performed the import.

---

OBSERVED BEHAVIOR

Before Import (Old GitLab Instance):
 • MR Title : Release/v1.9.0 Mobikwik Integration
 • Status   : Open
 • Author   : PUNAM ANIL RAJPUT
 • Action   : Requested to merge release/v1.9.0 into main

After Import (Centralized GitLab):
 • MR Title : Release/v1.9.0
 • Status   : Open
 • Author   : Vishnu Gehlot (import-performing user)
 • Action   : Requested to merge release/v1.9.0 into main

This pattern is consistent across all MRs and Issues in the imported project.

---

IMPACT

 • Audit trails and contribution history are inaccurate
 • Traceability of MR/Issue ownership is broken for compliance purposes
 • This affects our banking project (SBI E-Pay), where accurate change attribution is critical from a governance standpoint

We tested the migration by exporting and importing one of our application repositories. However, we encountered the same issue: post-import, the author and assignee attributions for all merge requests and issues were overwritten by the account of the user who performed the import.

Microsoft Teams meeting

Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/48727508084698?p=LJRz84Y58kxIsPeIRW

Meeting ID: 487 275 080 846 98

Passcode: r2mZ6pP2

Thanks & regards
Omkar Gupta
